Yeah.
That whole 3,485 pound division.
It's kind of crazy cause they're promising if a style bender fights Anderson,
they're saying to Anderson,
if you win you get a title shot and everybody else in the division is like what,
what?
Like you think that that's like some trickery to get Anderson to fight style
bender?
I that's exactly what I think it is.
That's exactly what I think.
I um,
does it they offer style bender a title shot if he beats Anderson.
Dan Hook is,
I don't believe so.
And that uh,
Dan Hooker,
Dan Hook a posted that on it,
on his,
on his Instagram and I,
I just like,
I like hookah and I just had to say something.
I was just like,
look,
we know that his style and my thought was we know when style Ben and wins this
fight cause I really believe style when it was,
how bad is going to win that fight.
When he wins this fight,
he's not going to get that title shot.
And I,
for me as a form of fighter and knowing who Addison is and what he's done for
the sport and for the UFC,
I'm just like,
I feel like that's,
that's,
that's so disrespectful.
She asked me,
um,
that's my opinion.
It's an opinion.
It's mine.
And I stand by that,
that,
you know,
we want to make this young guy a star and we're going to,
we're going to sacrifice you into the wolf to get that done.
But Anderson still feels like he can compete at the highest level.
Man.
We all go to feel like we compete.
If you put enough money in front of me,
I will,
I will fuck Khabib up.
Right.
You put something in front of me that I really want.
Like that's the thing,
they give you a goal.
I'll give you a time period to train and prepare for it.
Yeah.
Anderson's what,
43 now.
Yeah.
So,
so that's,
that's the thing of the realm of possibilities.
The same age as you are.
Well or close to it.
Yeah.
It's,
you all know at least 40 oil's at least.
Yeah.
He's the one,
the words might be 41.
I mean it's not
the problem with an,
I mean,
and then Anderson,
we started failing drug tests.
You're like,
okay.
So he's probably struggling just trying to get that edge,
you know,
trying to,
trying to recover and training.
So he's taken a bunch of weird supplements.
Some of them are tainted and I bet you if you go back to just go back to what
you used to do,
go back to what it was you did when you became the Anderson Silva that everybody
loves.
You know,
before,
before he got to the point where like before the Forrest Griffin fight,
because I believe that's when it started to decline for him.
Yeah.
He still look good and he's still still performed well,
but he got away from,
from the fundamentals,
you know,
um,
and that Forrest Griffin fight,
he was able to take forest out without the fundamentals,
moving his head doing,
doing these weird things and just pop it back.
Um,
the fundamentals of what,
what's the strongest thing in the game for sure.
That fundamental.
The Forrest Griffin is an interesting example too though,
because forest had been kao twice in training for that fight.
Like he had no business being in there and he just couldn't take a shot.